Update README.md (#4)
IBM/audioset-classification: README.md

* In addition setup your [AWS S3 command line](https://aws.amazon.com/cli/) which can be used to create buckets and/or add files to COS.
   * Export `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` with your COS `access_key_id` and `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` with your COS `secret_access_key`

### Provision a Watson Machine Learning service instance

> * Log in to the [IBM Cloud](https://console.bluemix.net/). Sign up for a free account if you don't have one yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Login to [IBM Cloud](https://console.bluemix.net/). Sign up for a free account if you don't have one yet.
```

Author: I followed IBM writing guidelines: http://w3.ibm.com/standards/terminology/cgi-bin/lookup?11=main+form&11=acronym%7Eabbreviation&11=prohibited&term=log+in&submit=Search&source=en&db_name=LOGOS&pickDB=LOGOS&template=details&ug=corporate&target_switch=none&exact=on

Relevant section:
```
log in

verb

    To connect to a computer system or network by entering identification and authentication information at the workstation.

    Usage note: Write as shown when used as a verb--two words.
```

Reviewer: Okay, there is a `login` on line 76

Author: Updated

* [Provision a Watson Machine Learning service instance](https://console.bluemix.net/catalog/services/machine-learning) on IBM Cloud if you don't have one 
* Create new credentials 
	* On the left side, click the `service credentials`
	* Click on the `new credentials` button to create new credentials
	* In the `Add New Credentials` popup accept the defaults and create the credentials.
	* View the generated credentials and take note of the values for `instance`, `username`, `password`, and `url`. You will need this information when you configure your IBM Cloud CLI.	

### Set up IBM CLI & ML CLI

* Install [IBM Cloud CLI](https://console.bluemix.net/docs/cli/reference/bluemix_cli/get_started.html#getting-started)
  * Login using `ibmcloud login` or `ibmcloud login --sso` if within IBM
* Install [ML CLI Plugin](https://dataplatform.ibm.com/docs/content/analyze-data/ml_dlaas_environment.html)

>   * After install, check if there is any plugins that need update

Reviewer: I think this sentence needs to be re-written

Reviewer: Maybe
```suggestion
   * After installation check for plugin updates
```

Author: how about this:

Verify that the latest plug-in version is installed: `ibmcloud plugin update machine-learning`

Author: Done

## 4. Upload evaluation notebook on Watson Studio

1. [Log in to Watson Studio](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/watson-studio). Create a free account if you don't have one yet.

> 2. Create a new project `Audioset Classification` on Watson Studio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a new project `Audioset Classification` in Watson Studio.
```
